Hello.
Welcome back.
You mentioned it.
The last lesson that we're going to be talking about, tracer, what is that?
Well, I just wanted to finally get the entire picture of the Internet across, and I think this is
the best way to do it.
Now, if you're on a mac, you're going to press command space and look for a program that comes with
your Mac called Terminal.
And you're going to press enter and you're going to get this.
So it's an application that all Macs have.
If you're on a Windows machine, it's called Command Prompt.
And in the exercise, right after this lesson, I will show you instruction on how to access that as
well.
We're going to talk about Trace Root.
And if you remember, we spoke about this image of all these connected things happening and going to
the Internet backbone, and then Google.com finally sends us the files back to our house and you can
actually monitor how that's going to work using traceroute.
So if we type in traceroute and on Windows Machine, it's actually trace our t, but for now we'll just
go traceroute and you can request for whatever website you want.
So let's go with google.com.
I press enter and yeah.
Look at that.
It gave me a whole bunch of hops that it did.
So you can see one through nine here.
So it did nine hops.
So that means nine stops to this address.
At 172 to 1 71.14.
So again, that looks like the IP address.
So again, let's always test our experiments here.
If I put that in and press enter, we should get google.com.
Let's see.
Look at that google.com.
So that's a fun little way of you to see where your requests go.
And you can monitor.
You can see all these IP addresses are different computers that are trying to locate the Google servers.
So go ahead.
In the next section, there's a little exercise you can play around with this and just see where all
your requests go all over the world.
I think it's very, very cool.
We're going to finish up in the next section with some fundamentals and what we can do with this knowledge
that we have to actually become really good web developers.
So see you in the next section.
Bye bye.